Meeting Title: Strategic BDR role interview — product fluency and sales acumen with Sam and Andrew
Date: Jul 22
Meeting participants: Zheyi Lim

Transcript:
Them: Hi, Zhey. 
Me: Give me one second. All right, I'm back. Hi. 
Them: Are you good? We need more time. 
Me: No, no, I'm good. I'm just going to turn off the fan and. Put in my airport. S. 
Them: Perfect. How are you? How's your day? Been? 
Me: That's good. It's good. 
Them: So far? 
Me: It's good timing for the interview actually. 
Them: Nice. Nice. Had a busy morning or a quiet chill. One. 
Me: Looking through my notes. 
Them: Nice. 
Me: But later I'll be busy. 
Them: That's good. At least your work won't be disturbing you too much for your interview, so that's good. Oh, I'll quickly run through your schedule. So after this, you have two chat steps back to back. The first one's with Sam, who's based in Singapore, and then the second one is with Andrew, who's based in Sydney. It is a back-to-back call, but the link to the Google meet is the same. So you can just stay here and then the interviews will take turns to jump in and out. 
Me: Got it. Perfect. 
Them: Perfect. Just a quick heads up. They're also in back to editing meetings. So they may be a couple minutes late. If anyone is more than five minutes, we shouldn't be the case. Just email me. I will literally hand them down so that they get into your call within the first few minutes. But normally they're pretty good with time. 
Me: Got it. 
Them: Perfect. If there's any technical difficulties as well, but they shouldn't be because I can see and hear it perfectly clear. Just let me know. Then I'll jump back in. Cool. Is there any questions yet for me? Is there anything that can help you with? Otherwise, I'll give you back a couple minutes just to get a breather, get ready, and then they'll jump in. 
Me: All good. 
Them: Perfect. Thank you so much for your time, your flexibility, for organizing the schedule. All the best, then let me know if you need any help. 
Me: All right. Thank you so much. 
Them: Thank you. I can see sadly walking around finding a room, so he should join you in a few minutes. 
Me: Perfect. 
Them: Thank you. All the best. 
Me: All right. Bye. 
Them: Bye. Hello. 
Me: Hey. 
Them: Hey. 
Me: Hi Sam. I think you have an echo. Is it on. 
Them: Oh. Sorry. Still there. 
Me: Us? It's fine. Now. 
Them: Perfect. How you doing? 
Me: Very good. 
Them: Awesome. Very nice to meet you. Sorry. Let me just get my laptops out. Just run out of another meeting. You based in Singapore. 
Me: I heard you are too. 
Them: Nice. Yes. Yeah. I've been here about. How long I've been in now about eight months or so. So I relocated. So you were. You were in the UK as well, right? 
Me: Yeah, I did my university. There. 
Them: Nice. 
Me: So dreary gray London. 
Them: Nice. 
Me: Some people always say. 
Them: Were you studying in London? 
Me: No, I was at Cambridge. But I often popped over to visit my friends in London. 
Them: Yeah. London's a summer city, except, like, now when it's just crazy. I don't know if you heard, but it's like some mad heat waves and everyone's been really, really struggling. 
Me: Yeah, that's it. It's like 39 degrees, which is insane. That's worse than Singapore. 
Them: Yeah. 100. And. And your. You're applying for the SDR role. Is that correct? 
Me: The strategic BDR row. 
Them: The current associate. Okay. 
Me: The few names for it. So I assume that. 
Them: Yeah. It's a very new team. So I'm just looking at what they've. What they put there. Okay. Look, let me. Let me tell you a bit about myself. And then maybe you can start with a quick introduction. And then we. I think we've got a 30 minute interview. So we'll spend, like, 20 minutes going through some of the questions. This is like a product and technical fluency interview. And then I'll make sure we spend, like, five minutes at the end to answer any of your questions. We can turn the tables. How does that sound? 
Me: Sounds good. 
Them: Awesome. So super nice to meet you. I'm. I've been here about eight, nine months. I spent about six and a half years at Google Cloud before. Kind of saw the evolution of their cloud business and then moving into AI, and then this pivot here. It's open AI is a crazy place, but an amazing place at the same time. I've loved my time here. I'm done super exciting stuff. I focus specifically on, like, digital native business. I always have. It's a quite technical customers. You know, that's the shopies of the world, the grab, see groups, all those kind of names, Etc. That's where I spend most of my energy. But, yeah, we'd love to hear a bit about yourself, and then we can dive into the interview. 
Me: So a bit of my background. So I started as the first enterprise SDR for seed stage. We were selling a platform as a service. So helping the likes of grab, integrate third party partners into their app. Using our SDK. And there I had about 12 good SQLs. So you can think of banks like Kasia bank in Spain. Bank of Philippines in the Philippines. And also on top of that we have binance, you have Boulder pay. So I did that and I got promoted to be the head of business development where essentially I was running with you end to end full cycle. So over there I closed two enterprise deals for each about like 250k each. And then I wanted to challenge myself. So I moved into commission based quota carrying row in at wallx. So this was a much more mature organization and it was really competition against myself they put it this way. In one year my gross like pipeline in the end like sorry my gross GP which is gross profit was close to 1 million and I closed about 22 mid market logos. So if you're in Singapore or if you walk around you see Chun brothers, you holidays Li group that was that was me. I'm very proud of that. Yeah so at that point like AI was taking off and frankly speaking there weren't any good jobs in Singapore. So open ai gave a grant $1,000 to anyone who wanted to do something with AI. So I took that and I built a business around SDR as a service. So the thinking I had was very simple. I was doing a lot of manual copying and pasting from doing research online to putting it to a spreadsheet. Surely I can do that. And on top of that there was usually like niche information that you would want to find. So for example what payment gateway does this company use? Or what human capital management system does this company use. And you can't simply get that from the data provided. What you have to do. You could but it's usually outdated. And like stale. So what I did was that I would open up the html, use player write chromium inspect and then usually there's an eye printer which would say stripe or default etc. So I did that as a service for about a year. And then lastly what I did was I went to San Francisco and I worked there for. A period of time doing two things. So one I ran the conference up on playbook. Essentially organize the conference set up booth and did the sales there. And secondly I was working as a forward deployed strategist. Over there I think that's where I learned most of my technical chops. So I was building workflows and when AI workflow was helping big enterprises deploy solutions that involve referral intake and medical report analysis. So I think that's the straight through of my career. 
Them: Well, I mean, that's a very good segue because obviously this is a product and technical policy interview. So maybe we could start by you telling me a little bit about, like, one of those technical concepts. That you've learned. Maybe something I don't know about, but explain it to me in layman's terms so that I can understand. 
Me: Well. It's a good chance that you probably understand everything right. I think I'll just explain right because I think that was a big part of what we're doing. So typically the medical reports that came in could be hundreds of pages long. Doctors have an arbitrary way of writing their notes. Right. So the first thing we need to do was use RBG which is retrieval augmented generation. To basically enable us to get the correct chunk of that document. And the Liman way I typically explain this is like we are creating a map of meaning. So when you take each chunk you're basically putting it as a point on the map and when you have enough points in the map you start forming a neighborhood. Essentially when your query comes in that also turns into a point in the map and the point on the map will basically look at the neighborhood and say okay these are the sources that I can use to gather contacts and feed into my answer. So I think that's typically the layman way of explaining it but if you want a technical way of cleaning it is obviously using an embedding model chunking it putting into vectors storing the vector database and then went prompt comes in, it also gets turned into a vector and etc. So semantic search essentially. 
Them: So do you know what rag stands for out of interest? 
Me: Retrieval augmented generation. 
Them: Exactly. Right. So you're retrieving. You're then what do you. Which part are you augmenting? 
Me: So basically LLM as a context window. And the context window can be filled with fills in with your prompt list and then what you want is that an LOM only understands its base training data. So to enable it to actually work with sources that like probably like operates as your company SOP and in this case operates as the source of truth which is the medical report. What you want is to augment the LM's generation by adding that into the context window. 
Them: Yeah, exactly. You're augmenting basically the prompt and then the prompt is, like, basically changing, and then it generates a slight different response based on using the LLM's context window, as you say, but also, like, the rag. So whatever it's whatever document is chunked. Okay, awesome. Great. So can you maybe do you want to tell me a bit about how you specifically use AI today for what kind of tasks and stuff? 
Me: So I have been getting more and more creative with with AI. So I think that my favorite thing by far is my second brain. So I mean kapati launched the whole viral wiki idea right and there are so many open source versions of it. So I think the best thing I do now is that whenever I go on X on LinkedIn and typically I follow two types of influences one is like sales influencers who share their nuggets of insights on how to run enterprise views. And the other one is like AI is so fast. Every day chemistry just came out. There's always like new comparisons of like what the meta is I guess like I think multimodal routing is also like a new thing in right so because I can't actually keep all of that in my head I just store everything. I basically have a scraper that pulls from X. I think there's a cool like CLI that a peak which is from the eye. Now has made that lets you like draw that script those posts and then when I essentially I have my own embedding model I use QMD by Toby to essentially do RAG on my own sources and I use that to prep for this interview. But there are also more fun things that I've been doing. So I built like. 
Them: Again exactly what you're doing? You're scraping sources from X and then. And then what happens? 
Me: Yep. So once I scraped off some X, I index everything into a wiki so that the wiki has like two parts to it. So one is like you have the raw sources. Essentially the raw sources are just for beaten exactly what comes from X. And then the second part is a wiki below. So wiki text synthesizes the information that you get in from the raw sources. So that this forms like an easy to scan version for the LM to read. So it doesn't always have to retrieve from the raw sources. So when I asked for question it comes in week to week and then essentially the wiki forms a map for the LM too if needed to look at the verbatim sources to be treated. So that's. Yep. 
Them: And what tools on the back end are driving all that functionality? 
Me: Firstly it codex that is the by far the best model of that today that forms the agent harness that essentially provides the tools and I mean the entire like skills etc. Right so the back end I guess with the first part would start with I have a question there. 
Them: So basically what you're saying is you use codecs to basically go and scrape all these sources. But what you're doing is explaining for me on the back end how codex is harness is actually doing that. Right? Okay. That's amazing, don't get me wrong. Like, like, that's cool. 
Me: Sorry. 
Them: No, no, no. I love you, but going into that level of detail, but maybe tell me a bit more about, like, the actual, like, use cases. Like, just focus on the use cases you're using, let's say, codecs for this quite creative, that's quite interesting. 
Me: I think there are a few more use cases here. So one is I use it for lead scraping and research. Essentially what I have is a pipeline. And it's deterministic. So it would start from helping me to brainstorm my ICP. And then after that I would plug in a scraper to pull from LinkedIn. And I'll get a contact list. 
Them: Yep. 
Me: I'll segment it into my stakeholders. So it can be let's say if I was working on. Like a finance deal of operations, hit of finance and the head of commercial. And then from there what essentially can also do is pull in the research. To help me tailor messages to that. But typically that's where I stop like I use it as account intelligence. I think in the end like my outfit messages will always be focused on judgment. So looking at all data that L has pulled and coming up with a reasonable response that I understand to be correct. So that's one more use case. I think another use case could be if. Also worked on. Building small software tools. So typically for example if let's say I need to pass an invoice and I want a certain structured output to it. I think nowadays like what you can do is you can easily spin up a simple nextjs app and have it build it almost like no instructions you can actually one shot it for you. So I think that's something that I've been exploring for the best the models get better and better. Multiple use cases. I think that the truth for me is. That if it's not possible by a human there's a good chance that 5.6 can do it. And the creativity and limits is really on your imagination. That's how I feel about monosity. 
Them: You set up a new, like, automations, like any sort of, like, agents to go off and do something autonomously. 
Me: Yeah so the autonomous, I think that the cron jobs, the schedules that codex has is fantastic. Right. So essentially I have like autonomous agent that pulls in all the information about what's happening in the LLMOC and feeds it to me as a daily digest. So that's one version of it. I think the other version of it as well is that if like usually I keep it as a thread to keep track of my work. So it will look at my emails, my calendar and it would just summarize Seth something's urgent today. Let's put this at the top of my to this and then it would rank everything for me. So when I come in I'm not looking through my inbox. I mean I end up looking through an inbox to look at the raw sources but typically I would get the first cut of what I should be doing today. So this is like two simple use cases that these agents. For. 
Them: And what would you do in the role, let's say, like, what would be something really critical for the role that you would use AI for? 
Me: I think that the one part of it that is probably straightforward is the lead scraping piece. So helping me to augment my research. I think that in the end SDR role at enterprise level comes down to deeply understanding your customers pain points and also thinking very critically about what the stakeholders inside of that organization is trying to solve. So I think firstly you can act aspiring partner bring something partner and also you can help gather the contacts that I need. So that's one. I think something that could be really interesting as well which I've been doing more and more is that I think when you go to a customer the best thing you can do is always show some proof of work. So if you come in and you build ROI calculator for them. I think that's that's a good start. If you can even show like a small demo I'm not sure if you see my. Loom case study. But essentially I built like a mini voice agent demo. All right. And I think like sometimes helping people visualize and see the impact of what they are looking to buy helps a lot more than articulating what rack is. They just see it and they know it. Right. So I think those are the interesting use cases that I've been thinking of. 
Them: Yeah. Build and demo. Love that. That's great. Okay, let's change gears a bit. So if you were to join, like, what would be the top three logos you'd like to win? And, and particularly why. 
Me: Top three logos I like to win. So I think this is something that I'm thinking about and also not quite sure what open air strategy is. So I think of it as codec is a ladder right? So first you have personal productivity. Which is let's say me using codecs and it's great for mini use cases but it helps empower individuals. Then the second part is like you have workspace agents. I haven't got to try it because it's locked into business plan but essentially it's a shared company operating layer where company comes in and you can let's say I think the easiest example is inbound lead generation agent. So trigger comes in from let's say a Facebook ads. It goes out does autonomous research and it feeds the leads into the CRM and delegates it to salespeople. All right. And then the third one is like the API deployment piece. Which is I might have been a custom agent in house like minions right so because they are engineering needs are so complex or embedding it into their product. So like for example like a chat widget in a backup. So I think that's the part that I am not quite clear where the go to market motion is. In open AI. But let's say if I had to choose and I pick one for each if I had to do the codecs which is personal empowerment I think what I would actually look for is a team of highly sophisticated engineers somewhere in Vietnam. So I would pick one. 
Them: Vietnam? 
Me: Vietnam is by far the number one developer hub of Southeast Asia. Very close to India. And often as I hear hearsay better in quality. Right so I think they power my guess is like 20% of all apps in the world that would be. 
Them: You've got, got to pick a company in Vietnam. Who are you picking? 
Me: I would pick anything for a second. I would pick one of the so I think the key for picking in Vietnam is that they need sufficient scale of at least a thousand developers. Right yeah a thousand developers and if you sell it at API calls they would I think the contract value would minimally be one bill. 
Them: Agreed. 
Me: So I think that's a good starting point. The second starting point is that I think that you need to be doing to have. Like a fairly sophisticated organ engineering org that is looking to 3x4x so you'll need incentive to if they double or triple their productivity it would actually mean something for them. So my guess is that it will be one of the emerging fintechs. I would maybe pick something like Zalo or Momo or I think there's also one or two companies that are in the race for like you know one of those unicorns in Vietnam. I think Viet something right I can't remember the name exactly so that would be my ideal pick. 
Them: Yeah. Great answer. And then which that's only, that's one, though. So you've got to pick two more. Now. Who would be the other two more? And let's say you get to choose one more AI pills company, like a Zallo in any region, but you also need to pick one that's maybe a strong logo. And why you would pick them. 
Me: A strong logo in Southeast Asia. 
Them: So I like. So I do digital native, so I agree. Like, I'm all after going after those high developer AI build companies. But at the same time, I appreciate we also need to win logos and we need to win, you know, the traditional companies, the conglomerates, the banks. So I'll let you pick one more digital native. And then can you also pick for me, like one Enterprise account and why you would pick them? 
Me: So I think. If. I had to guess the next. Most. Digital native I would pick the last answer is Singapore. So the next answer this answer right now would be I think tyne actually shows a fair amount of promise in terms of being fairly digital forward. Compared to let's say Indonesia which is currently going through a massive stock crisis and also Philippines which historically tends to be a bit more of a call center like human feet in the street kind of roles. Right so I think Thailand has a big GDP it's like the biggest in Southeast Asia if I'm not wrong. Followed by Vietnam and I would pick one of the maybe one of the shopping platforms over there that would be. Essentially you can actually use an API use case it's like a merchant enablement piece so that would be more of an API play. 
Them: Can you name an account? 
Me: It can be shopping right but I'm actually not that familiar with the Thailand shopping scene. I don't do shopping as much. But yeah. 
Them: Okay. And then one Enterprise. And then I'll ask another question as part of that. But one Enterprise logo. 
Me: Enterprise logo. I would actually pick DBS in Singapore right so it's a simple reason is that their stock is booming they're doing fantastically well but I haven't seen them actually adopt AI into the business processes at least on the consumer facing side of things. 
Them: Okay. How would you implement AI? 
Me: So I think there are two ways to do this and I will come from perspective of as the biggest bank in Singapore they serve pretty much six billion people right and when I had to get my transaction disputed I had to do two things one is I had to go through a chat board and a chatbot was tricky rule space and it only did one thing which is route me to the page to call the number right so I think that experience can be enhanced significantly and I'm sure they're working on it but it seems like it's been like a few years haven't seen much movement at that space. And the other piece as well is that I think the banks typically adopt the IVR experience so phone calling and it's press one and then it comes out with the automated message for me I think voice agents have simply gone past the scale the performance needed to actually drive a meaningful engagement with a customer. So I think on that piece I think open air just released their real time 2.1 and there's this really interesting 5.1 script model as well and I think that could be potentially a game changer for how banks actually approach managing customer service at scale on both. So both the chatbot and the voice agent. 
Them: Okay. And then you were talking about how in retail you think there'll be something in Thailand would be good for our APIs. What signals do you look for for a good account to focus on to sell the API to? 
Me: So what signals do I look for? So selling an API is very different from sending codecs subscriptions and sending the workspace agent because those are done for you harnesses and agents. You plug it in it works immediately no effort needed. So the first thing I would need to look for is that are they do they actually have at least some capacity to do development in-house? Because I think what if you're doing if you're working with a player who has completely outsourced their entire tech stack that would be it's really hard to actually get the buy-in because you don't have to actually have someone with a lot of influence in the organization. And on top of that they probably don't see this as a priority. Their business is probably running very fine without any technology which actually many businesses have foreseen. Some of them just work on relationships and actually works pretty well like matter of fact like a food distribution. We've learned that you don't need any technology, you just need context in each regions. So I think that's one. The second signal I would look for is that are they trying to grow global? So typically if you're serving like a small domestic market and your ambitions are capped you may not want to have the leverage when it comes to like what AI can provide. And I think when you go global like a few considerations come in. So first is a multilingual thing. If you are offering support now we need to offer it and say from one language to like 20 different languages and AI is fantastic at translation and working across different SOPs that you would have to put into each country. And the other thing that for global as well is that I think it simply provides a skill for us as a company to actually grow with their revenue. Because API cost grows together with usage. Right. So I think those are the two signals that we look for. So one is the strong in-house developer team even if it's small at least there's a POC that I can coordinate closely with and the second would be ambitions to go global. And clearly like listed. 
Them: Logic? And, and let's say, like, their customers can, you know, they've got some experience in house, but they're concerned about hallucination as an example. Like, how would you mitigate this to this concern and get them comfortable? 
Me: So I think the way I understand hallucinations is that L1 is a predictive engine and it's trained on a large corpus of training theta but it doesn't know what your company needs. Or wants as the operating truth. And the way that you can resolve hallucinations is to understand that this is like the LMS engineer to produce like the most plausible answer confidently. But if you build a system around it so the system will involve basically doing good rack. Secondly it would be providing it the correct tools to call internal systems. And I think the most important thing is actually evaluations. Right. So if you run the valuation which is providing a representative test set running through multiple scenarios and correcting the agent as it works I think what you can do is mitigate what the LM is naturally prone to do it. And before you run in production there's main things that you can do. You can run first you run in the sandbox environment. Once you're good to that you can launch it to a small percentage of the public. 
Them: Yep. 
Me: So that you know each stage is mitigated of the risk that you think. 
Them: Okay, final question for you, and then we'll move on to questions for me. A customer, a prospect comes back to you and they say, what's the difference between open AI's models and copilot? What do you say? 
Me: Co-pilot. So a copilot meaning I've never actually used copilot but. 
Them: Yeah. So have you heard azure copilot? 
Me: Yeah but I was going to say my partner was working in the government uses copilot. This is terrible. 
Them: Yeah. What would be your, like, work it? You can just work through this. It's fine if you don't actually know the answer. But, like, what would be your logic on why open AI's models are different to copilots? 
Me: So the model that copilot and chat GPT is providing exactly the same. Right it's both 5.6 reasoning levels you can set it yourself. But the difference is really the harness build around it. Right and. 
Them: Correct. Answer. That's all I want. I'll answer. I now I want to make sure I save some time for you to ask me questions. So, yeah, please feel free to fire away. If there's anything you would love to know about working at open AI or in my role in particular. 
Me: I think I find the NDA before this. So I'm actually really curious for a lot of the product raw because personally I'm just big super fan of the product right. I think that you're good like openhand has built like a fantastic app interface. I watched it grow from you know 5.3 which honestly couldn't speak plain english at that point right to now being this like something that I can introduce to my mom and she's using the chat GPT work feature and like it runs to the cloud doesn't even local environment. She's having a great time. Right so I'm actually just mostly curious about like from a I think things I kind of asked would be so what's the product? Direction going in? Right? Is it all in one? I think Sam also keeps talking about how it's more of a knowledge work platform. Now. So that's I guess like what I'm curious about is what is open AI's direction when it comes to serving the enterprise market. 
Them: From the perspective of codecs and, like, getting these tools into the hands of just general people. Yeah. 
Me: Yeah I think I think in general like is that the. 
Them: So, so you probably saw our merge with, like, chat GPT for work. So definitely the focus now is getting that in the hands of everyone. Right. Like making the superpowers that you felt from codex, making sure. The most non-technical user can also feel those benefits and feel that, like, AGI of, you know, codec's automating your life. Through chat GPT for work. I definitely see a world where maybe we'll maybe focus more on individual role types within the knowledge worker, like somebody in marketing, someone in finance. That could maybe happen. But at the moment, it's a bit of like a blank canvas. And it's basically getting in as many people's hands as possible and, and letting them discover innovation they can create through that tool. But that is definitely probably the most strategic focus right now for us as a business. 
Me: Less of we only want to develop developers but it's more everybody should get their experiences right whether it be the correct framing. 
Them: Exactly. Chat GPT for work is basically just codecs with less technical detail. And a bit more guidance for the non-technical user, Etc. But it's the same harness, as you said, as you pointed to. So no, getting, getting that in the hands of everyone is definitely the focus right now. 
Me: I think we're out of time but one last question is how do you like working in open AI Genuine question. 
Them: It's actually the beginning. It's crazy, but it's amazing. Hey, Andrew, we're just, we're just getting a last question. Do you want, do you want to answer it? It's like open AI. How do we like working here? It's awesome. It's crazy, but it's awesome. Oh, it's funny. I said the exact same thing. Okay. On that note, I completely agree with, with Andrew's just joined. Yeah. Crazy, but awesome. Having, like, doing the most exciting work we probably will ever do. So now great opportunity and really nice meeting you. And, yeah, I'll jump off now and leave you with Andrew. 
Me: All right thanks Lim. 
Them: Thanks a lot. Catch you soon. See you, Sam. Hi, mate. How are you? 
Me: Very good. 
Them: Back to back interviews? That's, that is very intense. 
Me: It is very intense well I'm ready for the next piece which is the sales acumen. 
Them: Awesome. Awesome. Well, look, thanks for obviously doing this and for jumping on the, the call. I know it is quite an intense process. Quick introduction from my side. My name is Andrew. I work on the go to market team for open AI across Australia and New Zealand. So, Sam, who you just spoke with obviously works out about Singapore office. I'm down in our sydney office. So being with the company now just shy of a year. So one of the longest serving employees in this region. Which means I've seen a lot, a lot of change, but also a lot of really cool stuff. Purpose of this session, mate, is just a kind of deep dive into some of the sales Acumen side of things. So I know that sound focused a little bit on the technical fluency. Really just want to get a little bit more tactical on coming some of your sales experience. So much like Sam's flow. I've got a few questions that I will work through. And then I definitely want to leave some time at the end for any questions. I assume you already asked Sam some questions, but also a really good opportunity to ask me some questions if you have any, whether it's relating to the interview, the process, the company, my experience, what I've seen, etc. Etc. That the floor is open. But we'd love to kick things off with a little bit of an introduction into your self. I've obviously had a look at the resume and kind of done some, some due diligence there, but would love to hear it from you and start with your interest in open AI and why you're looking at this opportunity. 
Me: Okay so before we go there I think your camera is frozen. I'm not sure yeah it could be my side I can't see you yeah yeah static screen. 
Them: That's good. Oh, you can't see me. Okay. That's all good. Let me have a look. Sorry. 
Me: Okay perfect books now. 
Them: The wrong camera. Let's have a look. There we go. We're back. Sorry about that. 
Me: Worries so I think what I can do is to butt so I'll introduce myself and I'll tell you why I'm interested in open the eye so the. 
Them: Yeah. 
Me: Quick career run through was that I joined CC as the first SDS the first employee in SDR and essentially I close about 12 SQOs in that org and the names included Kasia banks being bank of the philippines and six unicorns so you think of the e-wallets like paytm gcash those were the leads that I generated that were qualified after that I got promoted to run the full cycle sales myself and in that role in that capacity I closed two enterprise deals one at Una financial which is bnpl app. That operates it across Southeast Asia. So I moved from there to m1ex which is a quota carrying environment mostly as a way to challenge myself and the more mature sales environment and I close close to one million of gross profit cross that year. And I work mostly with mid-market deals so in Singapore if you walk around and look at the travel companies that have at least 500 employees 50mm revenue they will all close by me. After that I moved into AI so I did two things one is I started a company of open AI gave a grant and I did FDR as a service so it gave me $1,000 and what I did simply was I would take the manual processes that I did which is copying and pasting research into an excel sheet and automate that on their behalf and the second thing was that they were often hard to get information that I would use a cursor at that point because codec doesn't come out to scrape the HTML and look for the iframe embedded in the website so for example I could find out what hit CMS you are using the human capital management services and what payment checkout you're using. 
Them: Awesome. 
Me: And then like I did a bit of work in San Francisco there I did two things I did conference marketing conference sales so I actually organized conference and I showed up as a sales firm and I closed I think we generated about 300 or 400 leads across like three or four conferences and now here I am applying for PNY and I think if you kind of sum up why I'm interested in opinion there are a few reasons but the most important of them is that I think that AI will be the most transformational change that I will see in my lifetime and open eye is clearly leading the charge the new model is a great codex that's great there is no reason that this company will not change the way that we fundamentally work and I want to be part of that. So that's one Number two is that I also think that in general the enterprise use cases and the sales perspective would be very interesting and fun. Mostly because there are many things that you can sell right there's the codex app which will boost your personal productivity there's the workspace agents that can work as a shared operating layer for employees within organization that is standardized and there's also the API which will be the most complex deals where you either help someone to a custom agent or within their product so like for example a bank widget embedded into an app or you can help them build custom tooling for themselves. So I think for that those two reasons one is that generational and secondly sales will be very interesting, very consultative, I'd love to join. 
Them: Yeah. Awesome. It sounds like you certainly know a fair bit about the open AI value proposition in terms of like a surface areas and some of the tools. On a scale of. One to 10, 10 being. Like super literate and AI pilled. Where would you put yourself in terms of like your AI knowledge, your fluency, just kind of the more general kind of AI understanding. 
Me: I would put myself close to. The high number I think it's close to eight I would say mostly because I actually actively, I have a pro subscription and I use it every day for almost all my tasks. 
Them: Yep. 
Me: So I think that's and also I think more importantly I follow very closely what's coming out in the market. So I know Kimi just came out the stock subscriptions but the front end is really good it supposedly beat fable and so in the front end benchmarks but I think the API responses are really slow because I tried it myself. I think that's the level of AI if that makes sense. 
Them: Awesome. Yeah. Okay. So I want to switch beers into some, some more tactical sales stuff. So let's just assume that you get the job. You start tomorrow. You're assigned a fortune 500 account or company. Walk me through the first 30 days of targeting that account. Like what specifically are you focusing on? What's your approach? Tell me how you would like look at an opportunity or an organization like that and really dissect the, the approach strategy. 
Me: Got it and for this fortune 500 companies there are specific industry of vertical. 
Them: It's just, yeah, just pick up a general one. 
Me: So I think that the first step is actually to create problem statements about how the what what issues the company might be facing internally. For example I think in the fortune 500 company there are actually many wedges that you could use to enter into as a sales angle. So I'll give you an example for a bank. On one hand you have the internal operations. You could have kyc flows that are being done by hand to outsource to someone in the Philippines that could be AI could actually help with. On the other hand you have the customer facing experience. You could have voice agents on the through to help with support instead of the IVR experience set which is press one to hear the response right and you also have a chat widget within the app itself. So I think that the first step is to identify which pain points are the highest and rank them according to a score number. And I think that a good way to give a sanchek a signal for this would be how big is the department head count for the department that's responsible for this niche workflow. So I think once you've got a map of what workflows or use cases will be really interesting. I would brainstorm and spa with codecs and just ask it questions. I think there's also a lot of information available online for example you can easily find out how custom is bought by a bank is operating today just by calling the hotline and also by just in general reading FAQs. Once I have a few problem statements that are really interesting I think the next step is clearly stakeholder mapping. So I want to identify typically in a Fortune 500 company as my experience was in boxing. There can be almost hundreds of people that could potentially be in charge. Of certain who could be owning this workflow, I promise statement that I'm looking to reach them out with. So I think mapping the buying committee knowing who are the relevant stakeholders would be really important. And then once I have this buying committee I would probably align with the contractor first get the green light and then I would start doing reach outs. So the reach outs would basically be tailored specifically towards the high performance even they identified. Coming up a working hypothesis finding from our CRM what group proof points would look like that are very closely adjacent to this specific partner. And then the last part would be I would probably add a bit of plan to it. I would make a small demo because codec can actually build your things that shows visually what the solution would look like and this is clearly a prototype it's not production ready but at least they can actually visualize like what it would look like. And then I would say can we schedule a meeting to talk about how this prototype could actually solve the metric that you would care for for this problem. I think that's essentially the first part of what I would do. If any questions at this point. Or I could. 
Them: No, I think that's, I think that's great. I love the way that you suggested using our tools at multiple points through that, like at the start to bounce ideas off and brainstorm. That's a use case that a lot of people miss. And then kind of towards the end to build out. A POC or an MVP. Around that hypothesis of need to then present to the customer. We're seeing more and more of that from our own teams internally, just really starting to differentiate in terms of that prospecting approach. So I really like that. Let's say, for instance, you managed to get time with the relevant executive or stakeholder using what you just described, and they turn around and they say. This is great, but we're already using copilot. How would you respond to that? 
Me: Already using copilot. Copilot would be the so in this case we would be selling the productivity tool for employees to use. Would that be the use case? 
Them: Yeah. So in this scenario, let's say, for instance, we're talking about chat GPT work, the, the new release. The customers come back to you and said, hey, this looks really cool, but we're already using copilot. Like, what do you, what are you using? What are you saying to deposition or to understand that objective? 
Me: I think first thing I'll start with what I know from my experience working with codecs. Right. So I think that the codex app experience is something that opens focusing heavily on. It's not just. The harness which we already know is fine tuned and trained to work especially well and outperform benchmarks. With the models that you have produces like 5.6. So that's one part performance. But the other part of it as well is that when you just use the app, it comes with so many features that copilot would not have. App shots. You double click the command buttons pulls in screenshots into your of your current page into your browser. It has a preview side panel. This very simply lets you annotate and edit what you're working on. I think they just turned that preview into a markdown editor which is fantastic because you can just directly change things. There's also like voice which is going to come out very soon to codex and it's already live in chat GPT. So I think when you bundle all these things together not to mention this also image generation. Looks beautifully with a lot of the workflows that you would come in knowledge work and developing. And I think once you package everything into this is not just a model. This is an experience, product experience that you're coming to, you're getting with open the eye. That is the way I would approach it from the selling angle. I think from discovery point of view. Just be curious to understand what from what I understand copilot is offering discounts. Or subsidized rates on the API through their service. We want to understand. Like what kind of commercial do are they getting because if they're getting a parity deal which is no discount this is an easy sell in terms of the experience. If they're getting a discount then I would rather understand okay why are they discount and well how is it working on that front? Right how long does it last like is this unlimited discount etc. The other thing I would want to understand is that are they using it for multimodal usage? Because I think copilot I've never used it before but I understand copilot comes with like claw and open the eye etc. And then the main thing I want to understand is that the use case that they're using copilot for because if you're doing knowledge work I strictly think that codecs is superior in all aspects because it comes with that full package right cloud doesn't have image generation clock doesn't have voice and chords in-app experience isn't as nice just from a pure UX perspective. Right. So I want to understand the use cases and specifically drill down what they could do better with codecs. So that would be how I would tackle this. 
Them: Yeah. Awesome. I'm glad you finished there because I think. Where you started is dangerous, like going purely feature function comparisons because then you get caught in. Like a bake off. Like, yes. You know, chat to PS voice. But copilot has co-work now. Like you kind of get drawn down to a rabbit hole that can be quite a dangerous place. Finishing on value or sorry, starting with value is, is definitely the right place to start. Like understand what are their priorities? What are the AI outcomes and objectives that they are looking to achieve? Ask where the gaps are. So what are, what are the, what is the tool currently not achieving? Where are their friction points? And almost try and get the customer to self evaluate? Where the tool is currently not meeting the mark? Because I think the minute you start going to, well, how much are you paying? Well, we can do it for cheaper or just as good. And we've got a better product. It really starts to make your transactional salesman and not like selling on value. So very, very glad that we finished that. Okay. At a more macro level, like what is one skill personally that you're trying to level up and tell me how you're actively working on that? 
Me: I think that my true line as a salesperson has always been. Non-technical. In the sense that like I don't have that same depth of knowledge that I would love to have. So that has not stopped me from achieving the results that I wanted but I believe that with AI sales it's really important to actually understand very deeply what the model capabilities can, cannot do and have a very clear sense of where the market is moving towards. Example like this. This is the new models competing models coming out. Like open solvers from china cloud has its own releases kind of time. So what I've been working on is making sure that I experiment with AI every day. Making sure that firstly I know what's happening. Secondly I actually try things and evaluate the products that are in the market. Actively. And the way I usually do this is just by building small projects. From time to time. For example right now I'm building a nice birthday card for my partner. It comes with sea dance image and we have video generation. I use codecs to build the whole website. I think it looks great. I've also been building like sales automation tooling. So for example how do I run this whole pipeline end to end brainstorm ideas? Scrape the leads research the companies and pull it all together into a brief for me. Really. So I think that basically the restate the thing could be I enjoy learning to be more technical even though I strongly enjoy sales as my first and foremost professional skill. I think that being technical is extremely useful because you can diagnose customers more clearly and the way I've been doing it is just experimenting. Because I think there's no clear ruble, there's no cost you can do the only thing you can do is try. 
Them: Awesome. And just out of interest, what's your, what are you finding is your favorite feature? In codex or chat GPU work or kind of the next, the next sort of the most recent releases we've done. 
Me: So there are two things that I love like one is called chat GPT book. So for the longest time I couldn't convince anyone to try codecs mostly because you had to create a computer, you can set it up locally. But with chat GPT walk I went with my mom and I taught her hey you know you're researching aircons why don't you use chatboti work to produce you and research everything and put it all together and now she's hooked. She because the experience was from her phone mobile she started using it every day and now she's eating up some mica. So I think that the whole cloud autonomous agent is a big push that I think would really take off. For especially for people who are like curious but not. Technical. So that's one. And the other thing that I really enjoy and this is what I use to help prepare for this interview as well is the voice mode right? I think that it is fantastic that sometimes when I'm thinking about problems like let's say like in this interview right I prepared like a set of questions. At a hype I go through. It can be difficult to get the thoughts out of my head into that piece of paper by typing. So what I did was just have a conversation and it locked everything that I said and then structured it nicely into something that I could read and say huh okay so I think these points could be stronger these points a bit bigger. So I think those two things are big game changers that came from the recent release. On top of course the model being fantastic like 5.6 is really a step up from 5.5 in my experience. 
Them: Yeah. Okay. Nice. I got one more question and then we'll, we'll open the floor up for some questions. You obviously mentioned some of your attainment at the start of the call, like obviously doing quite well in previous roles and closing deals and whatnot. Tell me about a deal that you sourced and closed yourself. That's on the largest side of things. And tell me about. What went wrong or something that didn't go to plan in that process and how you responded. 
Me: Got it. So the biggest deal that I've chose was Una Financial so they had they are like a multinational company. With I think 5,000 employees and they were trying to build an app. To service the whole of Southeast Asia. It was simply put a BNPO app that would have the whole onboarding compliance flow inside of it and also they wanted to offer ways to connect directly to the payment method. Within the app itself. So my job was I sourced it like the way I did it was simply I had ICP which is 10 million downloads e-wallet functionality and there was a very strong signal at that point because they announced releasing that this was their entire game plan. Build the kyc layer and then embed third party service inside. So I reached out, I mapped the stakeholders and I figured out that the person who was most interested respond to me was the head of partnerships because he needed to drive their revenue targets for this acquiring merchants to the app. And I did my homework. I came in prepared. I researched every single eSIM provider which was explicitly in the announcement and I told her hey these are the merchants that we could integrate to you. We actually already talked to some of them. Would you like to have a chat? That was a good way in in my opinion. And then I think what happened next was that the commercial guy was my champion. He was very excited. But the technical folks and the product folks were much more skeptical. Mostly because this became a built versus buy decision. And for them I think the idea was that why use our SDK when this is a core part of our infra and we can we should do it ourselves. So I think what happened that I think I could have done better was that I should have gotten to buy a committee a line earlier in the deal. So the deal stretch for maybe close to eight months. And the first two months there was a lot of back and forth. Between me and the commercial person and that person didn't want to bring in the product and technical stakeholders think what happened was that you would say sending materials, I would send it and you would get circulated with the team. But I think in the end his influence is limited. When it came to technical concepts. So he couldn't convince the internal stakeholders on why this was the superior choice. So the thing that I did to recover this was simply I booked a flight to I think at that point it was philippines where the engineering hit was at. And I just mentioned casually dropping by Philippines which was not the case. We booked the flight after we booked the meeting. And then we had a one on one with my CEO with him. And then we explained the value proposition directly to this technical stakeholder. And we managed to get and I think during this process the champion was also looked at, he was also in the peak. So we actually managed to get like a face to face with the buying committee and I think that from then point onwards it became more of a technical evaluation. Of why a solution was good. Rather than a disjoint between commercial and the product team on their side. So I hope that's the conclusion of how we close that deal. 
Them: Nice and happy was the deal out of interest. 
Me: Relatively small. So it was a 250k fixed contract but there was a accelerator portion of it. So for every merchant onboarded we would like I priced it a bit lower. So that I could get this variable fee in and it paid off well so I think we ended up scaling to 350,000 as I left but from what I understand it has grown to be far more. And also I think this was the first enterprise deal that we close as a platform. And I think now like the company is serving world app of all companies I think we've grown from that small project to world app which I know is at one male and I think they also serve revenue. So well that was good starting point for the company. 
Them: Awesome. Well, thank you, mate. That was really good. I, like I said, wanted to leave a couple minutes. We've got about five, six minutes, but we can run over if you have any more questions. Want to give you the floor just to answer any questions that you might have. 
Me: Yeah so I think it's the like what I'm really curious about is what is openai's direction in terms of enterprise sales? Is it solving engineers? Is it serving knowledge workers? Or is it more of like I think I read about frontier which is the whole FDE deployment piece. Like how do you think about that from to go to market perspective would be what I'm most curious about. 
Them: Yeah, it's a good question. I think. Codex was obviously born out of our push into the engineering kind of audience. Right. And there's no secrets. We were caught napping on the coding segment. Color code definitely got the jump on us. What we discovered through codex and that harness and some of the capabilities is what's unlocked kind of the next frontier for us, which is knowledge work. So no surprises that chatbots work app is just codex reskinned as chat GPT. So we're using that same harness underneath. In terms of where the focus is, I think it's both. I don't think we're picking one. I think coding and developers is still very much where a lot of the money is. And some would argue if you win that part of a business, then you win the business because they are largely driving a lot of the tech strategy. But knowledge work is also a really big focus area for us. You will see. Probably more verticalization from us in the future. So chat GPT for legal chat to achieve a life sciences chat GPT financial services. So various plugins and skills to kind of lean into those verticals. Which I think, if anything supports the knowledge worker. Side of the argument. I think more holistically and more strategically, we've obviously just acquired tomorrow one of our founding partners as deploy code. So that is an extension of our FDE team. We're really trying to cover. Up market and down market. So what, what I mean by that is deploy co and our fte teams are really going for the flagship accounts in every protocol. To go and create and build alongside them. Like groundbreaking innovation and groundbreaking IP for these organizations. We're talking like billion dollar plus problems for these organizations that we can help them unlock. So that is kind of at the top. Of the spectrum. And then at the bottom of the spectrum, we've just got like general knowledge worker license based subscription. So I think what we're doing is actually full spectrum across the entire B2B life cycle, which I think is really, really exciting for us. And we're really just at the beginning of it. 
Me: And then the but I think that it's really interesting like there are very few companies that have to scale and most importantly the compute to actually serve like this both segments. And I think open the eyes of our position of that front. My next question or last question would just be so how do you enjoy working at openai? Like what does the company culture like? We've seen a lot of things on Xiju's really curious like from the inside of you like how do you think about working here? 
Them: Yeah. Look, I'll, I'm kind of finishing where I started, right, with the question that I joined the call for. It's, it's a crazy place. And I don't say that as a negative or to scare you. It's just a known quantity. And I think it's a symptom of how fast this place moves. I was fortunate before working at open AI to work at glean, which is another AI startup out of Silicon Valley. That was the perfect on-ramp to this opportunity because glean was also in its own way a little bit chaotic. I do think joining from a normal SaaS environment. Is a struggle because, you know, in most SaaS environments, they're releasing products. Once every six months, once every eight months here, we're releasing products multiple times a week. And so as a salesperson, you really need to find the signal in the noise. You need to pull a thread through everything that's happening on both the consumer side and the B2B side and distill that input narrative for our customers. And more often than not, you don't know what this is until you're jumping into port with a customer and they're telling you about it. So again, I don't say that to scare you. It's just. It's just the known quantity. I say this to every candidate. Like, if you think joining open AI is going to be easy and that it's just going to be an inbound leads and it's just going to be taking orders. You are mistaken. Like this will be the hardest opportunity that you'll ever have in your lifetime. And I guarantee you that, like, this will be the hardest you will ever work. And I say that because. If that excites you, then this is the right opportunity for you. If there was a part of you that flinched at me saying that, then this is definitely not the right opportunity. So if that's what you want is the next step in your career, then this place is going to give it to you in spades. I'll finish by saying. All of that sounds negative or negative adjacent. It's not. It's what makes this place so exciting. As sam said, like, this is probably one of the greatest opportunities that we will have in our lifetime to be part of, like, building the future of how we use computers and how we kind of interact with this incredible technology. So that in and of itself is what kind of drives all of us. 
Me: That really excites me or scares me. Because I think. Being AI to have been a journey for me. 2023 wasn't the AI failed but as I've seen the models accelerate and like the way I use it has just transform. Everything that I've done. Like I feel like most everyone should do that. I think that's the reason why I'm most keen to join this. That makes sense. But yeah, I think those are the questions that I have. 
Them: Yeah. Awesome, mate. Well, look, I'll finish where I started. It was lovely to meet you. And thank you so much for the time. I know that this is a big block of time doing back to back interviews across 60 minutes. So hopefully you can stand up, go and have some fresh air and take a break. But really appreciate your time. Really appreciate your thoughts and your answers. And good luck in the rest of the process. 
Me: Thank you so much for your time. Bye. 
Them: Thanks. 