Meeting Title: OpenAI SDR interview — sales experience and go-to-market fit
Date: Jul 17
Meeting participants: Zheyi Lim

Transcript:
Me: Am I on the right link? Hey. Ken. 
Them: Lim. Good evening to you, I think. Right. It's pretty late for you. 
Me: Nedy's 11, 12:30 a. M. But no worries. Yeah, it's morning for you, right in San Francisco. 
Them: Okay, nice. Well, thank you. Yeah, it is morning for me. Thank you for. Thank you for taking the time to meet with me. How's your day gone so far, I guess, since it's end of day? 
Me: Yeah, it has gone pretty well. Yeah, it's gone pretty well. How about you? You just started a day. Right? 
Them: Just started the day. But, you know, it's beautiful here in San Francisco, so can't complain about that. Anyways, glad to meet you. It's. It's. It's funny because, like, I didn't realize we had scheduled this so soon. I just reviewed your take home, like, yesterday. Something like that yesterday morning, my time. 
Me: Yeah. 
Them: So this is good scheduling, I guess, for a recruiting team. But I enjoyed it. I actually. I really enjoyed it. And so I'm excited to get to, like, chat more with you about it live and see if you'd be a good fit for our open AI team. 
Me: Awesome. Sounds good. 
Them: Cool. Well, why don't. So getting into it, why don't you just give me a quick, like, a quick, like, recap of your career so far? 
Me: Yeah, quick recap. So I did law at Cambridge. But I realized that technology was what I wanted to be in. Not M&As. So I pivoted out of that by joining a CC setup. So I was the first hired on the business side of things. And essentially what I did was help form the enterprise selling motion. So I spent two and a half years there and I closed two deals. I think both of them were worth about 300k. So my quota was a nil. So technically missed it, but we were so early stage that I backed up forgiveness. So after that, I moved on to at wallex where we, I did like, it was more of a mature product series. F. Over there, I was selling to mid market brands. So if you walk around the street in Singapore, you look at the top travel agencies that was close by me. I hit 200% of my quota. At that point, GPT came out. And I was really excited. So openai gave a grant for like $1,000 to anyone who was silly enough to start a company. So I took it. And I did what I knew best, which was sales workflows. So I looked at how I was doing scraping. I was like clicking around browsers. Copying and pasting information. And I figured, okay, this surely could be automatable, especially when AI has judgment. So I did this. At that point, I was using clay with cursor. Codex hasn't come out yet. And what I did was I reached out to eight to 10 startups. And I helped them identify specific scraping issues that they needed. For example, they were looking for stripe checkout on the website and they didn't want to use the steel database. I would read the html and find the iframe inside and pull it up. Right. That's one example. So I finished that and then I went to san francisco where I know the weather is fantastic. It's not hot, it's not humid. And I was working in this company called sample healthcare. And I think the reason for this was firstly. San Francisco was opportunity that I didn't want to miss out on. And secondly, I got to work on bigger enterprise deals. So we're working with billion dollar companies mapping out their workflows. I was a forward deployed transistor. And for example, like the main workflow that I was working almost referral. So you would come in massive faxes. Basically to read the medical reports, extract the correct content. And we had to do our key to push it into the net apis. Uh, and my job was to help map this workflows and talk to the stakeholders and align the project. So I came back for personal reasons because my sister had a surgery. And then at that point codex came out. So right now I'm just working on projects about 30 k size where I go to a business in Singapore, typically at SME. And I tell them, hey, you need to be using AI. Let me help you. And the workflows I'm working on right now are like order intake. So there's this food manufacturer that has orders that come in through WhatsApp. And help them process it and map out the delivery routes for them. So I think that's a quick overview of my current career, if that helps. 
Them: Yeah, no, that's very interesting. That's very interesting. I I guess I want to talk more about your. The sales side of your work. I mean, the AI stuff you're doing is very cool. But I guess, like, just being very transparent with you. Because I'm also, like, a builder, I guess, like yourself. I have, like, a product manager background, so I'm very familiar with. I think. I think what the future is turning into now, and we meet a lot of these people, is that there's, like, two people that we usually interview that are like. Like, that we like. But not all that. It's not always a good fit. So, like, there's this, like, this go-to-market engineering space, which it seems like you'd actually be just right off the bat, like an incredible fit for. We're not hiring for that right now, though. And then obviously what we're hiring for right now, which is the SER side, where you might build some stuff internally, but you're not, like, shipping workflows or products or anything like that to customers. So I would love to focus, I guess, for this call more on your. Your sales experience specifically. And I guess I would love to kind of try to figure out when was the last time you carried, like, a quota? 
Me: Yep. So I think if I address this question, sales primarily still my interest. Like when you're running a business by yourself, you are the top salesperson and all these businesses were solo. So I think ultimately the thing that gives me the most joy is like selling a vision. And seeing people realize that this is how the feature should be. And I think that's my trajectory. My career has followed this path. And the reason why I wanted to be more technical was really to help strengthen my ability to sell. Because I think that you need to understand the foundations of what you are selling deeply. To enable this to enable customers to truly believe that you are good at what you do. But let's go back to my sales experience. So the last time I carried a quota was one and a half years ago. So this was the end of our wallet. So I think this segue of selling my own products as my own company was recent, if anything. And carrying a quota has been something that like most three and a half years experience in or actually four years. So that was like the primary thing that I built my career around, if that makes sense. And I'm happy to walk you through like how I do my sales process, et cetera, like if that helps. 
Them: Yeah. Well, so at air wallics, you were an account executive, and you were hunting new business. 
Me: Yes. So my, all my experiences are caught upon. I've never done inbound rule. It's strictly speaking hunting. And I've only done full cycle sadly. I've never really had SDR to help me out on the prospecting side of things. 
Them: Okay. Yeah. No, that makes sense. Who. What kind of personas were you selling to an air wallics? 
Me: Yeah. So at one like I was selling to three types of personas. So one was the finance. The second was the operations and the third was the commercial. So with. 
Them: But, like, what kind of companies? 
Me: The, also these were mid markets. So you could think of them as I close about 22 deals, each of them with ACV is about $50,000. So that was my, I think my pipe was about one meal. My close one was about one meal when I left. And you can think of them as if you walk around San Francisco and you look at the number one travel agency. That will be the deals that I would go for. Because to me those are the good ones that bring the most value. 
Them: But the number one. The number one travel agency in San Francisco is not mid-market. 
Me: Oh. 
Them: Or I guess how did you define. How did you define mid-market? 
Me: Mid market for us was as long as they were doing like 50 million revenue. Would be the mid market skill in Singapore. 
Them: So they could be, like, 10 employees? 
Me: Oh no, no, no at least 500 employees. 
Them: And be mid-market. 
Me: So I think that was the definition of mid market. So 50 mil and 500 employees. 
Them: Oh, okay. Okay. And your region was San Francisco, or was it in single? 
Me: It was in Singapore. 
Them: Okay, nice. So, yeah, keep going through it. Like, tell me how you were prospecting in that role. 
Me: Yeah. So the, I was the second about higher networks. So my job was the reason why I was hired was because. 
Them: Actually, hold on. Keep going. My audio, like, cut out for a second. You're good. Now. 
Me: Like the reason why I was hired was because the analyx was new to the market. It was a saturated place. But more importantly they were relying purely on inbound through performance marketing and channel partnerships. And the leads there tended to be small and flaky and also high kyc risk. Right. So they brought me in to hunt big accounts. The accounts that wouldn't come through ads. So essentially like what I did at the start was identify the top segment. The segment that I wanted to go after. And this was travel. The reason for travel was simply because I looked at the markets in the UK. There was more mature for a wall ex UK and M1X US. And I found very clear case studies or like Loom recordings, sorry chorus recordings which showed there were four big pain points. So one was that travel is seasonal. Second is that. So basically like you have big spikes. And during these spikes, man, there will be a lot of issues and most other competitors would fail in the service component of this. The other two reasons was that one would be that they are unable to service certain markets which are more exotic. For example, China was a big point. And then the third reason was that the operations behind this, when you're dealing with traditional banks, there were lots of copying and pasting from portals into a spreadsheet. So having mapped out the ICP here, what I did was the truth is LinkedIn and co-email didn't work. Because these companies were set in their ways. So I did the most gung ho thing. I went door knocking. So like I looked at the map and I was like, okay, these are the addresses. They are clustered around the same area. Let's go down, put a face to the name, put a name to the face. And just see what happens. Right. So I gave name cuts and I think I got a bit lucky where one or two people actually let me in. Put me in a room. I gave a presentation. And then this helped me validate the fact that the correspondence I was watching, they resonated very strongly with this ICP. And then from then on. So essentially I started mapping out the personas that had the target. To close this. Right. So within each deal, I would start trying to identify who the head of finance was. Who they have operations was and who they had commerce was. And simply put like my approach was always like a before and after. So I would identify the key metrics that they would be concerned about. So for example for finance would be what percentage of my payments would fail if are currently failing at using other provider. Then for operations would be how much time do you spend reconciling all your information into a spreadsheet and for commercial will be what market would you love to expand to but you can't because finances we can't transfer money there. So once I did all of this then essentially the champion ended up being the finance stakeholder because the person had the most risk like skin in the game. Because if they chose us and payments stopped working then that pie operation for sending 12. So usually I would co-make a business case with the finance stakeholder and pitch it to the CEO. And typically like this would involve making sure that they would understand our compliance process properly. So when each transfer goes out they are fully aware of exactly what steps are needed to take. The second thing I will also always do as a white glove service. I would go down personally set up the account for them. Make sure that they can't come back to me and say I don't know how to use this. And then I think the last thing I also did was just 247 SLE. Like if you call me at 2:00 a.m. i'll be there. There's the assurance that I gave them. I would actually pick up at 2pm. So I think once these things were unblocked on the finance side of things typically the CEO would just give the green light and say like okay it's on you to take the risk. But if you are comfortable with Seth and wallex, let's go. And I would start ramping small. We will do a small volume and essentially I would babysit that process. We wouldn't like ram the whole thing up because I wouldn't want to take the risk of me burning the bridge or the relationship when something that's out of my control would occur. So start small with a little proof of concept. Then ramp up and would set a schedule of let's say three to six months with this target hit this target. And typically if they hit the full volume I would put an accelerator on it and say like okay now that you've hit the full volume we would give you a tiny discount of like 5 10% So that would be my full sales cycle if that helps. 
Them: Okay. Tell me more about boxo. So you. Were the first SVR BDR that they hired. 
Me: Yeah so I rose the ranks in the first year was the BDR and the second year I got promoted to head up to whole thing. So yeah I can tell you more about the sales process there as well. 
Them: Okay. Yeah, I'd love to know, like, how. How you were prospecting at boxo. 
Me: Yeah. So voxel is very different. The boxer was a completely different product. This is a pure enterprise sale. So we were selling platform as a service which really means. If you wanted to integrate a third party into your app. You could do it two ways. One is you could build it natively. So you need to basically go through the app release cycles. Or you could use a little hack called pwas in the form of mini amps. So essentially most companies at that point had aspiration to become a super app. A super app is basically defined by three things. One is you have at least 10 million users. Two is you are multi vertical. You want so many third party partners to be accessed by users of the app. And the last one is the e-wallet. So our solution, which is a platform as a service enabled these apps using our SDK to connect to third party partners without doing the native integration. If that makes sense, we'll move on to the next stage which is how I found these customers. 
Them: Yeah. Yeah. No, that makes sense. So it's like an sdk. Who. Yeah. Tell me who you were prospecting into specifically. 
Me: Yeah. So the here this was a complete flip from what I did at wallex where the stakeholders were primarily the product. Technical and commercial. And commercial meaning partnerships. So it always comes down to the same question which is built or buy if that makes sense. There's only one competitor for us which was Alibaba and their product would cause like a million dollars I think every six months or every every year if I'm not wrong. And they wouldn't sell to everybody. They only sold to six or seven customers throughout their lifetime. And often they invested in them. So competition wasn't the big determining factor. It was whether they wanted to build this in house. So typically the technical buyer would always be coming to us and say look we don't trust your solution. We think we can do it in house. But often the thing that actually made the deal move forward was because commercial be putting pressure on technical stake for the same hey I need these apps. I need these third party partners. 
Them: Well, no, wait, hold on, hold on, hold on. I I don't think you're getting the question. 
Me: Oh. 
Them: I want to know who were you prospecting into? Like, what personas? 
Me: But personas within the. 
Them: Within the customer? 
Me: Yeah so so the hit of head of engineering. The head of product and the head of partnerships. These are the three personas. 
Them: Okay, so when you were reaching out to these. Companies, you were just called outbound into one of these heads. Like, what was your strategy to prospect? 
Me: Okay so my strategy was if you're talking about the prospecting piece which is the top of funnel the first step that I would do is I would map out who do I do customers for. So this really involved going to Google like google app store. And the google play store. And you must first hit the first criteria which you must have at least $10 million downloads. Once I did this the good thing about this was that we had. Typically the key players who wanted to become super absolute release announcements on their website. So they would say we want to grow, we want to expand. And I think what I did was meddle. Manual research once I found my term and I narrowed it into an ICP would be to research the company deeply and understand exactly what their aspirations were. In my core about message what I would do would be I would lead with, look, I saw that you are looking to expand into xyz verticals into your app. And I think that your timeline is roughly this period of time. Like if there's technical stakeholder what I would do would say I know you must be thinking about how you are building how you can achieve this scope within a set period of time. Would you be interested in speaking with us? We work with x proof points to do integrations. That would be the technical stakeholder outreach. And then for the product will be how are you thinking about unifying your experience with it by integrating a third party partner. What we do is we help you brand the third party partner in your color and your design system so that you can essentially have that product experience that doesn't feel like jank or out of bounds. And then for the commercial is the easiest would be hey we have a roster of partners that we already talked to. Would you be interested in any of these brands? We have the commercial relationship with them because we did our prior homework. And if you are on board let's get on a call and we will take it far from there. So I think that's the three messages that typically send and it would be multi-threaded through LinkedIn and email. 
Them: So I'm curious, like, in my experience, a lot of people, like, who make apps are pretty small, depending on who they are. But this role is an Enterprise SDR job. Like, what kind of companies were you selling into or prospecting into? Like, what did. What did boxo classify Enterprise as? 
Me: So typically this will be banks. There will be shoppee grab binance. We will close the signing binance. That would have been my greatest. 
Them: Which was, like, the largest deal you sourced while you were there? 
Me: It was una bank. So this was a deal that I both sourced and closed by myself end to end. You can check it out. Una fundament. 
Them: Oh, wow. Okay. 
Me: Al. 
Them: Why did. Oh, Uno bank. 
Me: Una. 
Them: You mean. 
Me: U a n a bank. Yeah. Got it. Yeah that one. 
Them: Okay. Okay. Una bank. Okay, interesting. And how did you Source that deal? 
Me: I think what happened was that I had this three messages that I would use. And they announced that they were looking for. Expand vertically to integrate. If I'm not wrong eims. And so what I did was I did a bit of homework first. I reached out to the eims companies before I reached out to uno bank. And what they did. So it just so happened that the commercial person who was obviously looking for an eim partner was very excited to talk to us because he hadn't reached out to the commercial providers that they wanted to integrate with. So that gave me a wedge in. And then I think what happened was that we aligned on, okay, this is the top priority for you as a commercial person. And I brought in the product and the technical people to assess whether this integration could be feasible to hit the champions go. And the champion here was the commercial person. 
Them: But. Okay. Okay. That's interesting. And how big was Zuna bank? 
Me: Was doing, I think at that point like 500 male revenue. Are we looking at this? 
Them: Okay. Well, I was gonna say I can't actually even find this company online. There's no. There's nothing that's called una bank una. 
Me: Okay. Sorry, maybe it's called, I'll give you the link to. It. There you go. These guys. Call una financial. What did I sell? Yeah, here you go. This one. And I've also worked with all the leading super apps which have at least like so you know every country in southeast asia has one leading wallet that controls 100% market share. So I was also working and we saw them products to integrate third party partners as well. But this is the one that I close entirely end to end for myself. 
Them: Okay. Yeah, no, I found it. It looks. Looks cool. Look. Looks like a good logo. Okay. This has been interesting. I I think this is good, though. Your background's very interesting. Of course, we had more technical Builders come through, but sometimes they just don't have the right mix of sales experience. And, like, that's been tough. Because it's just a different skill set, right? Like, I'm like that, though. Like, you know, if I was just on an innovation go-to-market engineering team leaving that, like, I'd be equally, like, satisfied with what my world is, but I'm in go-to-market so it's a little bit different. So this is been good, though. I. Have questions you have for me, I guess. 
Me: Yeah. 
Them: Or. Or it's not like, you know what I mean? Like, questions about open AI or the job or the team or anything that I can really share with you that you might be curious about. 
Me: But maybe if I could just do one final small pitch for myself. I love doing sales. Like just to be clear on that. Right. I think. 
Them: Oh, no, no, no. Don't worry about it. I I've enjoyed this talk. Like, I'm probably like, I'm gonna move you on to the next round. 
Me: Yeah because I think that sales has always been my strongest. Like the product is. 
Them: Yeah. Yeah. No, no need to pitch me any further on it. I I'm convinced. Yeah. 
Me: Okay. So questions. No, I'm still curious what would you all doing at? So I saw your LinkedIn post something about. Cracked engineers working on the tooling. So I'm just curious like and I heard from one of my friends who's in there that there is no tooling in open AI. So I'm a bit confused at what the mismatches. 
Them: So the. The team is new, right? The go-to-market engineering team. But, yeah, there is tooling now. 
Me: Okay got it. Good. 
Them: So as your friend, they probably. I don't know if they know what they know, but, like, there was this thing called Armada. Armada just launched yesterday. That's a big deal. Really big deal. Yeah. So there. It's relatively new, but it's this new era, I think, of, like, what the tooling we have is and, like, the engineers we have are, like, very sophisticated. It's different because, like, when I maybe like you was in go to market engineering, I could build a lot of cool stuff, and I think I understood Salesforce very well in, like, the systems and how they play together really well. But these guys are different. It's more like building very sophisticated backends that are performant under, like, a hundred active users at the same time. And that's a different level of sophistication that, like, go to market engineering. Typically, I don't associate with because you need a traditional, you know, back end, front end developer. 
Me: This guy. Okay. 
Them: Who knows full stack scaling stuff. Anyways, it's pretty cool, though. It's. I've never worked at a company that's staffed this kind of engineering talent. So it's. It's a pretty exciting time. 
Me: So I mean what I'm hoping if I join is I don't have to build any tooling because I can just use. 
Them: You shouldn't. And. And if we wouldn't want you to do it, that's. That's my biggest thing. I don't. 
Me: Exactly. 
Them: I wouldn't want to give you the wrong opinion that you're going to come in here and build a bunch of stuff. If you started building stuff right off the bat, and, like, it was going nowhere, there would actually be a pretty bad thing. As you probably know, building tools or vibe coding in general. 
Me: It's not easy. 
Them: Not that I actually doubt that. I actually suspected you could probably build some amazing stuff. So maybe you could. But a lot of people are tempted to just build stuff, and it ends up being a huge waste of time. Because they can't scale it or maintain it. Right. Because that's what it needs ultimately. It needs to be maintained. What happens if, like, you host a server and the server goes down? Are you on call? What if you're on vacation? All of those components just mean that, like, that's why I left our. Our product, our go-to-market product team, and I came over here because it's like they should be doing that. And we can tell them what to build. But, like, internally, you can build stuff that makes you more efficient, but trying to scale a product or an app for, like, the rest of the scr team is, like, not. It's not what we're doing. 
Me: I think I'm fully aware. It's a nightmare to if anything I just want to focus on the setting if that makes sense. Right I think that's what every salesperson really wants. It's only when you don't have tool LinkedIn you are forced to build things that are a bit jank done really quite work. So yeah I'm actually quite quite quite excited because I've never worked in the I think no one has ever walked in a sales role where the tooling is actually good is something that I learned. 
Them: Yeah. 
Me: Like you know. 
Them: I mean, is it actually good? Like, there's iterative cycles to it. Of course, there's a lot of UI UX feedback, but I will say this is the most sophisticated. 
Me: At the. 
Them: Engineering I've ever seen in my life, and I've worked at companies that have some pretty Cutting Edge stuff. And I know that it's, like, top, like, top 10, the Bay Area in terms of the quality of the technology being built. 
Me: Same time it's very exciting to use I'm actually really excited because I know I know how small projects start breaking very quickly and it's not worth doing anything typically. 
Them: Yeah. It's usually not worth it. It's fun, though. I don't know. It's definitely how I got my start into product. I was a sales rep that started building. Anyways, what else can I share with you? 
Me: Yeah, I'm also just curious so what is the SDR roles scope? Like where does it end. 
Them: Hold on. I got a notification as that. My stupid headphones are connected to my phone. Say that question one more time. 
Me: No worries. Where the SDR scope ends so so typically as they are is meant to prospect bring in leads I'm just wondering like where because typically I'm a full cycle right so I'm just kind of curious about where the journey stopped. 
Them: Yeah. Everybody we're hiring is full cycle, by the way. Every single hire we make is either a mid-market or something account executive at, like, you know, at a good company. Basically, you don't close any of the deals. Like, make that very clear. You're sourcing deals and, like, maybe even developing the deal. So, like, you meet with a manager. The manager gives you some cool information. Use that information to, like, get a meeting with another person, and then you get a meeting with, like, the vice president of technology and invite the account director in. And then the account director takes the deal from then onwards. But that's not always how it's going to work. You might be working with the account director on a very strategic account or a very special logo. But, yeah, like, that's as far as it would go. Now, you can probably continue to join some of the calls that the account director does. It depends on your relationship with them. But, yeah, you certainly wouldn't be closing deals here. 
Me: Okay got it. 
Them: But that's the SDR job everywhere. 
Me: Yeah yeah that makes sense. 
Them: Yeah. I think you'd be very a place. Like, like I said, everybody, the thing is, the, the reason why we want closing experience is that because the next step up from the SDR job would be like a closing role at open AI. And they are very, very, very picky. For example, right now you have about five to seven years too little. Like, you'd need to be in sales for another five to seven years to make it as an account executive. Because they can afford to hire only the best, like, account Executives from, like, Google or whatever. So it's always, like, very, like, tenured. But the SDR role here is like a path to that. So it's been. Yeah. It's been popular. Anyways, I will talk to you later. This has been great. Our recruiters will be in touch, and you have a good night. 
Me: Of course. All right. Thank you so much for your time. 
Them: And. 
Me: Bye. 
Them: Yeah. Take care. Bye. 