Date: Jul 30
Meeting participants: Zheyi Lim

Date: Jul 30
Meeting participants: Zheyi Lim

Transcript:
Them: Hey. Don't forget. 
Me: That's funny, dude. 
Them: Yeah, I bought a short PC for gaming purposes webcam. I was using the LS. 
Me: That's a. Okay. Okay. Before this. Before we go into the AI stuff, right? So what should I prep for tomorrow? What do you think? What do you think? Like. 
Them: I'm pretty sure she's an EV manager, so I'm pretty sure she will test you. Everything about sales and like a deals experience, sales skills. All those technicalities. Closing back generation, all of that. I'm pretty sure that's what you focus on. 
Me: Okay, what? Question mark. I'm very lazy prepares. I prepare so much with it, right? It's like, do I need to prepare how I need to work in open AI? Like, do I have a role play that. Like, you know, figure out, like, top three accounts, open AI? 
Them: Oh, I think you might. Okay, you must be, I think you should be prepared for study taking a question. Like if you want to join open AI, what will be your plan in the first 30 days, day and night day? 
Me: As in, like, what I would do with it? 
Them: Yeah. Like what you ramp up. Right? So like for example, first 30 days, you will talk to maybe like five internal stakeholders, you will build out all the sequences, you will figure out account theory and then 60 day plan is you to book, you have already booked like maybe, I don't know, 10 meetings and five opportunities and you will have penetrator maybe 20% of or 25% of your tier one account lease example at the 90 day plan whatsoever. So it's a concrete brand. 
Me: So if you say duckly preps for that, anything else is useful. 
Them: 2016 90 plan. So as you probably about your prospecting methods, your outreach process might ask you things like how many steps will be a good sequence. She also probably asks you things like which, let's say maybe she gives you a few markets, which market will we focus on and why? Are some of the questions. Walk me through a sales, what make sure I do the loss, typical questions like that. Yeah probably these are some questions like want me to time a multi-traded deal, for example. 
Me: Okay, so what is. Then you basically, like, prospecting tragedy, you will walk through with respect to open AI. Right. 
Them: Omnichannel approach. I'll focus largely on immuno sequencing and cold calling. But also embed like LinkedIn process into it. But then in APEC region like messenger chats like WhatsApp looks the best rather than email. 
Me: Okay. Then. Then do you have to, like, identify, like, like markets and, like, what the do you. Which market you say is, like, the most important that you would go? Singapore. 
Them: If they were to ask me, I will always always say Australian and Singapore is the best because Australia and Singapore is the most mature tech wise. So they are the most forward. And also that means they are the most willing to spend that they have high robust propensity or spending on tech markets like India are very cost sensitive. Everything about discounts and whether cheaper, the markets like Indonesia is, I would say Indonesia, Philippines is like growing, right? It's still nascent by growing quite quickly. And then Malaysia, Philippines is like more backwards kind of shit more backwards actually. 
Me: Like, somewhat sweeping generalizations, right? It's just the funny part, right? 
Them: Yeah, but I'll say that this is what I observed from selling data.netic model and then bro I'm pretty sure okay I'm pretty sure this dollar doesn't sell into like other emergency so you probably don't know. 
Me: Exactly. The whole thinking, like, I just need to avoid talking about Australia, can't really, because that one, she has the correct answer, right? Then the rest is like, just say whatever you want to achieve. Right. You can't call you all right. He's like, what the. But I feel like I have answers for these as well, but I feel like, like the. You know what I mean? To actually know the answer is a bit like. 
Them: Exactly. You just need to make an answer that she likes to hear. 
Me: Okay. Got it. So. Okay, then. Then did they ask you, like, three accounts that you would prospect into or some like that? 
Them: Like examples of accounts that I'll prospect but I think it might be good for you to have a few across each country enterprise account like maybe for example commonwealth bank in Australia, Singapore is another problem SGX maybe not yet. 
Me: I got one interview. I got. Got a bit taught to because the guy asked me now, like, what the. 
Them: Testing your contextualism. 
Me: I roughly, like, just know some. Okay, okay. I have five lists, bro. G5. One last interview is really, like, okay. Anyway, then. Then we go on to the. I'll prep all this. Thanks. Thanks. 
